! ***** Created by Aditya Shakya *****

! ***** MAIN *****

*button.pressed.appearance: flat solid
*button.pressed.backgroundColor: white

*font: Misc Termsyn-12

*borderColor: IndianRed2
*borderWidth: 2
*marginWidth: 2

! ***** Menu *****

menu.title.appearance: flat solid border
!menu.title.borderColor: black
menu.title.backgroundColor: IndianRed2
menu.title.foregroundColor: white
menu.title.textColor: white
menu.title.alignment: center
menu.title.font: Misc Termsyn-12:style=Bold

menu.frame.appearance: raised gradient border
!menu.frame.borderColor: black
menu.frame.textColor: grey20
menu.frame.foregroundColor: grey20
menu.frame.disabledColor: darkgrey
menu.frame.alignment: left

menu.active.appearance: flat solid border
menu.active.borderColor: white
menu.active.backgroundColor: white
menu.active.foregroundColor: IndianRed2
menu.active.textColor: IndianRed2

! ***** Background *****

!rootCommand: bsetroot -solid rgb:aa/aa/aa
rootCommand: Esetroot ~/.blackbox/backgrounds/momoji.jpg

! ***** Slit *****

slit.appearance: raised solid
slit.backgroundColor: rgb:aa/aa/aa
slit.marginWidth: 3

! ***** Toolbar *****

toolbar.appearance: flat solid border
toolbar.alignment: center
toolbar*textColor: grey20
toolbar.label.appearance: parentrelative
toolbar.clock.appearance: parentrelative
toolbar.windowLabel.appearance: parentrelative

! ***** Window *****

window.title.focus.appearance: flat solid border
window.title.focus.color: IndianRed2
window.title.unfocus.appearance: flat solid border
window.title.unfocus.color: white
window.title.unfocus.borderColor: white

window.label.focus.appearance: parentrelative
window.label.focus.textColor: white
window.label.unfocus.appearance: parentrelative
window.label.unfocus.textColor: grey50
window.label.marginWidth: 1

window.frame.unfocus.borderColor: white

window.button.focus.appearance: parentrelative
window.button.focus.foregroundColor: IndianRed2

window.button.unfocus.appearance: parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.foregroundColor: white

window.handle.focus.appearance: flat solid
window.handle.focus.color: IndianRed2
window.handle.unfocus.appearance: flat solid
window.handle.unfocus.color: white
window.handle.unfocus.borderColor: white

window.grip.focus.appearance: flat solid
window.grip.focus.backgroundColor: IndianRed2
window.grip.unfocus.appearance: flat solid
window.grip.unfocus.backgroundColor: white
window.grip.unfocus.borderColor: white

window*alignment: center
window.font: Misc Termsyn-12:style=Bold
window.handleHeight: 2

! ***** EOF *****
